finally in finals week I got time to write up past rounds. Round B will be updated later and here are the 4 problems from round C 2021 <br>
1. smallerStrings: we consider the starting index at which the new string is smaller than the old string. Once the first smaller index is fixed, the rest become a permutation number that can be precomputed. Finally, we check if the palindrome formed by reversing the first half of the old string is a valid new string. These makes up all possible new strings.  <br>
2. alienGenerator: we come up with the math formula, and then check for its prime factors. <br>
3. rockPaperScissor: This is a very interesting dp problem that looks like a probability problem. The dp relationship comes from the fact that whether the last move we made was rock, paper or scissor. let V\[r]\[s]\[p] be the probability to win at round r+s+p. Then for example, if our last move was paper, then V\[r]\[s]\[p-1] + W * s / (r+s+p-1) + E * r /(r+s+p-1) is a potential candidate for V\[r]\[s]\[p]. Because if we choose paper in this round, the total probability is the sum of: (probability with one less paper, the same number of rock and scissor) + (probability of opponent picking rock in this round) * (value of wining this round) + (probability of opponent picking paper in this round) * (value of equaling this round. We consider the scenarios of making scissor, paper, rock as the last move, and pick the highest expected value to win to store in dp grid. <br>
4. binaryOperator: For each expression, we first identify the location of the root binary operator (+,* or #), and then its left child expression, and then its right child expression. This can be done because the expressions are fully parenthesized. Next, we combine values of left child and right child accordingly if the operator is + or \*. for the # operator, we consider its left child and right child as a tuple key (leftVal, rightVal). If we have seen this key before, we give it its old value; if not, we give it a new random value and store it in the dictionary. We make this random value sampled from a large range of numbers, so that the likelihood of colliding values for different expression structures is small.
